Add note about CNAME record needed for satellite domains in production (#2360)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/advanced-usage/satellite-domains.mdx

  - In production, the satellite domain will be `satellite.dev`.
  - In development, the satellite domain will be `localhost:3001`.

  > [!IMPORTANT]
  > To use a satellite domain in production, add a **CNAME record** to your domain provider pointing to your deployed app. Ensure you have access to your domain provider's DNS settings to complete this step.

>   > This is not required for developmen domains like `localhost`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > This is not required for development domains like `localhost`.
```

  - In production, the satellite domain will be `satellite.dev`.
  - In development, the satellite domain will be `localhost:3001`.

  > [!IMPORTANT]

>   > To use a satellite domain in production, add a **CNAME record** for your satellite subdomain in your DNS provider's settings, pointing it to your deployed app's domain. For example, if your satellite domain is `satellite.dev`, and your deployed app is hosted at `your-app.com`, you would create a CNAME record for `satellite.dev` pointing to `your-app.com`.

Reviewer 2: This isn't how CNAME records are specified - could we make this a bit more specific? Like, what is the text of the record?

  - In production, the satellite domain will be `satellite.dev`.
  - In development, the satellite domain will be `localhost:3001`.

>   > [!IMPORTANT]
>   > To use a satellite domain in production, add a **CNAME record** for your satellite subdomain in your Domain Name System (DNS) provider's settings. A CNAME record tells DNS to direct traffic for one domain (or subdomaiin) to another.
>   >
>   > A typical CNAME record includes:
>   >
>   > - **Domain**: The main domain the record is defined on (for e.g. `example.com`).
>   > - **Name (Host)**: The subdomain you want to point. For example:
>   >   - `www` for `www.example.com`
>   >   - `satellite` for `satellite.example.com`
>   >   - `@` for the root domain itself `example.com`
>   > - **Type**: `CNAME` for this type of record.
>   > - **Value**: The deployed app's domain. This is the domain where your primary application is hosted, such as `your-app.com`.
>   >
>   > For example, if your satellite domain is `satellite.dev` and your app is hosted at `your-app.com`, your CNAME record would look like this:
>   >
>   > ```txt
>   > Domain: satellite.dev
>   > Name (Host): @ (the root, so "satellite.dev" itself)
>   > Type: CNAME
>   > Value: your-app.com
>   > ```
>   >
>   > This means all requests to `satellite.dev` will be directed to `your-app.com`. This is not required for development domains like `localhost`.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  > [!IMPORTANT]
  > To use a satellite domain in production, you will need to add a CNAME record for the `clerk` subdomain. Visit https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=domains/satellites/, select the satellite domain you are configuring and follow the directions for adding the CNAME record.
```
